I'm here.
.
Thank you.
I give away.
.
Thank you.
... ... ...
.
What I really like about that is I'm not walking around.
... ... ... ...
.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no.
Thank you.
.
Come on.
... ...
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
... ... ... ...
I want to do a chapter on the board.
You wonder what's going to happen.
There's no permanence to be in touch.
Thank you.
.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
.
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
I love you.
.
Thank you.
... ... ... ...
Christian works into the technology.
Since Guenzelli was a lot of famous, this is what the structure is like what we do, and this is what we do, and this is what we do.
The black number of lines, you're very alike, you're very certain on the board.
You just kind of go in and make them happy with everything.
.
Ah, yes, ah.
Thank you.
The title of it is The Temple, The Temple Met.
I don't mind if you want to kill me.
I don't want to go.
Here we go.
.
Thank you.
What happened?
Oh, my God.
All right.
We'll be right back.
You okay?
Oh, it's, it's, it's, if you see any catalog, it's on a honeymoon right here.
This is gentlemen, you know, this is Russia.
This is very, I just like to try to get out of the window.
I'm a little obsessed.
This is a very extra table.
Very, that's a great color.
Thank you.
And he was going through that much of a problem.
He made him a situation that made him sound, whatever it was.
He was fighting about the silence.
He was low with whatever he had to write for 20 years.
Thank you.
I don't have a book at one point in time.
I love that.
Oh, I know it's not really good for you.
Normally, I wouldn't have been there, but I think it would look like a story in the New Yorker as well.
.
uh... uh... uh... uh...
That's the problem .
.
oh
Oh, boy.
.
Thank you.
You remember me?
I had this huge interview with them.
... ... ...
I don't know.
Oh, my God.
.
uh... uh...
Come on.
All right.
.
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
.
I can't even tell you how to do it.
It's very interesting, that's what I say.
Now I'm in the library, the library.
And the story that goes in, well, that's what you're here.
There's a better story than when you are.
... ... ... ... ...
But there's something else in the business of Hawaii.
When it's in Hawaii, the Hawaiian, the Hawaiian, the guys who go in the air when it's on the air.
You get a place to the house, you get a place to have it, Hawaii, and the Arab, and over 120.
And that's how it's in Hawaii, Hawaii.
And what is the first time in the air?
Six mucs called Lions Spare.
No lions and gates.
What is that?
Is it an open cup?
It's going to be a really good time to have a window.
.
that's a great story
One guy.
.
And the doctor said, listen, I got a list of the phone.
I got a phone call that he said, and he said, I'm going to look at the case involving the game.
And he said, the phone case about the game.
How long have I had it?
And he goes,
I don't know.
That's different about any of the things that I remember both.
And they're so different.
They're so different.
I was only 15 years old.
... ... ... ... ... ... ...
I found out who he was.
Ha!
He went and escaped in the woods.
He was the lucky to find him.
I can see you.
It's not like the power.
... ... ...
It was really good.
.
And it's not the alternative case, right?
I understandably, that could be a better one.
Hold on.
Michael, his father, and his mother, and the chief of Wichita are involved.
I mean, that's the story of Jonah, right?
His father died.
And he said that people came sent by his son.
I mean, you know,
So Haven said that his father was suffering from severe delusions.
So that's why it was so relevant about when did you leave home?
Why did you change your name?
Did you ever have any contact with your father over the years?
All this stuff became quite relevant.
His father, who was from Western Texas in a ministry, and he was kind of a religious fanatic, not unlike his son, left all of his money to some Bible group out there, to a publishing program for Bibles.
And Haven went and fought this thing tooth and tongue and lost.
Because they could find no... There was no credible evidence that the father was deranged when he changed the world.
Thank God.
I didn't get... If that guy didn't call me, I would be really... I mean, there's no way they could have sued me because my sources were the United States government.
But as it happens, we did have to change one section of the book in the fifth edition, where it quietly took on all references to the military records.
Not because it was wrong, but because it was incomplete.
You know, and that's the only ethical thing to do.
Once you come into possession of information that shows that you don't have the whole story, well, then either you change it and put that information in, which is what I wanted to do.
And the lawyer said, no, no, no, let's just take it out.
That's fine.
I took that out.
So no longer do we have him being discharged for bed wetting out of there.
I can't tell that story yet.
Do me a favor.
Keep that story.
Oh, I think when this guy dies,
I don't even know if I want to wait that long.
I mean, to me, I owe my readers because he's a food plant.
And yet, on the other hand, he had an extraordinary package and a feel for books.
But everywhere I went in Europe,
really wonderful booksellers like Pia Merez, Karen Burt, Tencher, do these names?
Major, major booksellers in that book people.
I mean, without accepting it, I'll say, that's the one.
My wife and I went to Paris last year called Pia Merez.
He was a great living bookseller.
And then he invited us to dinner, and the first thing he says, he says, your Haven Award chapter is magic.
Well, it's the dynamic, you know.
And he moved with all these people.
He brought books.
It's not like Stephen was stealing from libraries, and he's anonymous.
This guy was, you know, he was imposing himself on everything.
You know, one of the elements that you mentioned was necessary to do this with money and just found a source for money to do that.
Yeah, this is interesting.
He wanted to sue me for $15 million, which is what he got from Davis and had to give back.
He had a problem.
I said, you get one tuna fish in your life, not two.
$15 million.
That's a nice round number.
Nice round number.
Yeah, but I had some nightmares, I'll tell you.
He never filed through his records.
Really, what he wanted is what he got.
His military records.
Really, what they wanted was to change, and that's what we gave him.
So when I told Tom Campbell, you know Tom Campbell, he's a bibliographer.
He teaches bibliography.
He believed that every book you read, every copy, every state, every edition.
And I told him this.
And I told him about the change.
He said, send that today.
Send it.
I said, I want to use this in my course.
Let's say you have the first, second, third, fourth printing of my book.
And you really
if you want to track what it's within it.
You really ought to know that a page and a half in chapter six has been very quietly taken out on the advice of counsel and changed in place with a very tepid thing.
But I can't even tell you what it said.
I haven't read it since the day I wrote it and faxed it in.
So what's the fourth thing?
Yep.
And yet two of two years
from the time of the fourth printing, the file suit, which has been in New York for a few years.
And it's not from the first printing, it's every additional appearance.
Even if the book was published in August of 95, even that way, it should have ended more than one year.
It's one year in New York.
I had to wait till January of 97.
That's why I'm talking so regionally about it today.
It's a great story.
Well, it really angers me.
I would mean to forget it.
But if he called me a liar, he said, I don't know.
I've never attempted to contact him.
You see, because in rival cases, there's a lot.